hello friends in this video I will teach you to
install and activate the 2007 auto k
32-bit computers the link of the
files will be in the description of
good video now we open the folder
call autocad 2007 and we execute the
setup file
Once the file is started, this appears
and we give him ok and he will start to settle
the necessary components for the
Program
now in this window we give to
next we accept the terms now
enter the serial number
Now we fill these boxes with
our data
now we give installation
personalized and activate the option
express tools and learning files
well once done that we give to
next we leave this as it is
we give you the following next
next and next
Once the installation is finished,
we end now we open the
folder called track we copy the
files inside the folder and what
we copy in the folder where it was installed
the program
we give you to replace the files and
we continue
now we can run the bus
2007 and we do
we can see that we have activated the
Ex tool three tours that's good
I hope everything works for them goodbye